DEVDOCS-3621: [revise] Shipping Provider API, split doc in two (#1532)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/store-management/shipping/shipping-overview.md

## Real-time carriers

> BigCommerce offers native integrations with many real-time shipping carriers such as UPS, FedEx, and USPS. The [Shipping Carrier Connection](/api-reference/store-management/shipping-api/shipping-carrier) resource allows you to connect an account for one of our natively supported shipping carrier integrations. For a guide on how to use real-time carriers, see [How to Use a Third-Party Shipping Provider](/api-docs/store-management/shipping/use-shipping-provider).  

Author: I agree that it's important to distinguish between the two types of real-time carriers. I added in headings to distinguish the two. 

Just to clarify, when I was editing the articles, I assumed that API users would handle built-in integrations and third-party shipping apps the same way, except for the fact that built-in integrations don't need to be installed by the merchant. Not sure if this is true? @agchan12

> BigCommerce offers native integrations with many real-time shipping carriers such as UPS, FedEx, and USPS. The [Shipping Carrier Connection](/api-reference/store-management/shipping-api/shipping-carrier) resource allows you to connect an account for one of our natively supported shipping carrier integrations. For a guide on how to use real-time carriers, see [How to Use a Third-Party Shipping Provider](/api-docs/store-management/shipping/use-shipping-provider).  

Reviewer: @bc-andreadao What you have mentioned is correct.

From an API perspective, once the merchant has installed the third party shipping app, the  [Create a Connection ](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/cb79db45e7492-create-a-carrier-connection) and the [Create a Shipping Method](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-reference/21e7ab3a37a33-create-a-shipping-method) APIs will behave in the same way as they do for the  native shipping carriers..

> BigCommerce offers native integrations with many real-time shipping carriers such as UPS, FedEx, and USPS. The [Shipping Carrier Connection](/api-reference/store-management/shipping-api/shipping-carrier) resource allows you to connect an account for one of our natively supported shipping carrier integrations. For a guide on how to use real-time carriers, see [How to Use a Third-Party Shipping Provider](/api-docs/store-management/shipping/use-shipping-provider).  

Author: Thanks!

## Real-time carriers

BigCommerce supports two types of real-time carriers: native integrations and third-party shipping provider apps. You can connect real-time carriers to your account using the [Create a carrier connection](/api-reference/store-management/shipping-api/shipping-carrier/updateacarrierconnection) endpoint. For a guide on how to use real-time carriers, see [Use a Real-Time Carrier](/api-docs/store-management/shipping/use-real-time-carrier). 

### Native integrations 

> BigCommerce offers native integrations with many real-time shipping carriers such as UPS, FedEx, and USPS. For a list of all supported native integrations, see [Real-Time Quote Providers](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Setting-Up-a-Real-Time-Shipping-Quote-Shipping-Method?language=en_US#providers).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BigCommerce offers native integrations with many real-time shipping carriers, such as UPS, FedEx, and some national postal services. For a list of all supported native integrations, consult our Help Center article on [Setting Up Real Time Shipping Quotes](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Setting-Up-a-Real-Time-Shipping-Quote-Shipping-Method?language=en_US#providers).

```
internationalize, revise KB reference.

### Third-party shipping provider apps 

> BigCommerce offers third-party shipping provider apps that merchants must install on their store. If you would like to offer a shipping solution, see [Become a Shipping Provider](/api-docs/providers/shipping).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The BigCommerce [Apps Marketplace](https://bigcommerce.com/apps) offers provider apps that let merchants connect third-party shipping services to their stores. If you would like to offer a shipping solution, see [Become a Shipping Provider](/api-docs/providers/shipping).

```
BigCommerce technically doesn't offer third-party services
